hi everybody this is dariya from
boutique cafe and I wanted to share a
quick little thing that I'm doing for
Christmas for my nieces and nephews this
year first of all I have two really
amazing friends Kim and Kris from the
DIY dish calm and they came up with
these adorable little owls and owls are
all the rage right now as you know they
did them as pin cushions but I decided I
was going to make them into little
stuffies for each of my nieces and
nephews altogether I've made about 20 of
these this year anyway I don't have that
many nieces and nephews but I have made
them with the help of some of my friends
for all of their children as well then I
was thinking about how to gift them and
decided that all of these cute little
owls needed a little nest to go into and
so that's what we're going to make today
is what's underneath and we'll start
with just this little basic nest and
here I'll take you over to the table and
show you what you need okay first of all
it's really simple I just went to my
local Michaels store and picked up some
of this Aspen wood it's basically just
filler that you can get and if it's
quite it sticks together really well
which is really nice some of these
little reads I picked up at Michael's
for like $0.50 really cheap I had some
of these little eggs around there just
like styrofoam a kind of plastic eggs
that I got from last Easter that I've
been hanging onto and I thought they
were really cute and kind of speckled so
I've been hanging on to those to use in
a project your glue gun some glue sticks
and you're ready to go
and we'll just show you the steps okay
so what you're gonna do is you're gonna
take your little wreath here and your
glue gun and you're gonna run a generous
amount of glue all around the kind of
inside of your wreath and since I don't
have a camera person today I'm gonna
just go ahead and do that what the thing
that you want to remember is to have
that filler ready to go and I like to
just kind of play with it and make it
kind of go together you know just move
it around I like kind of weave it with
my fingers a little tiny bit before I'm
ready to go okay
so that's ready it's sitting right next
to my wreath and I'm ready to just go
around the outside and then this is
gonna get popped in against all the glue
and I'll show you that step in just one
second
so this raffia type wood chips are all
glued in on the sides and I like to just
go around around and around and just
kind of press it against the wreath and
make it as anchored as possible and you
can hear Lola in the background crying
but don't worry she's with her brother
she's just screaming if you have any
little holes you can always just put
another dab of glue down in there and
pull it or add a little piece of it to
make it work then you're gonna want to
take your egg if you have one you don't
need to have one and just tuck it in
there with a little bit of glue and it
looks really cute and then when you're
done you'll have you'll just place your
little owl here's one here right next to
it and I was thinking that I would just
do these little guys up with maybe some
I don't know plastic or some kind of
wrap all the way around so that the kids
can see them peeking out from the
plastic wrapping paper and it just makes
a fun little place that they can set
this on their dresser and look at their
little buddy and see him and remember
how much their aunt area loves them so
that's my that's my little tutorial for
today now if you want to take it the
next step further you can always add
feathers and I did do this on some of
the ones that I made you can just buy a
feather boa and I did it the exact same
way with this stuff in the bottom this
filler and then I just took like a very
small piece like maybe I don't know
three or four inches long and I ran some
more glue along the inside with my glue
gun and just placed a piece inside there
kind of in a circle pressed it down
pressed it down and then you've got a
cute little nest with feathers in it too
for your little owl and I I like that
idea for the girls to have the soft
white feathers and I did the boys ones
just plain with the more rustic looking
and I think they'll be really cute and I
my nieces and nephews will love than
this Christmas so thanks for watching my
little tutorial and I hope you all have
a very very Merry Christmas
have a votes everybody yeah I went there